README.md, before:

# The Homepage of the IT Service Böhm

[![CodeQL CI](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/mheob/itsb-web/CodeQL%20CI?label=CodeQL%20CI&logo=github&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/mheob/itsb-web)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/mheob/itsb-web.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18&style=flat-square)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/mheob/itsb-web/context:javascript)

You want to help?
Open a [issue](https://github.com/mheob/itsb-web/issues/new) or create a [pull request](https://github.com/mheob/itsb-web/compare).

---

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

feat: rebuild website with astro (#598)
## Summary

Complete rebuild of the IT Service Böhm website from a React/Express
stack to a modern Astro-based architecture with Svelte components,
featuring improved performance, internationalization support, and
streamlined development tooling.

## Changes

- **Framework Migration**: Replaced React frontend and Express backend
with Astro SSR
- **Component Library**: Built new components using Astro and Svelte
(ContactForm, CountUp, etc.)
- **Internationalization**: Added German translations with language
selector
- **Styling**: Migrated from SCSS to modern CSS with custom properties
- **Tooling**: Switched from pnpm to Bun, added Biome for
linting/formatting
- **API**: Integrated contact form API directly into Astro endpoints
- **Developer Experience**: Added Claude Code command templates, VSCode
configurations
- **Cleanup**: Removed legacy `__old/`, `frontend/`, and `backend/`
directories

## Motivation

The previous React/Express implementation was outdated and harder to
maintain. Astro provides better performance through static site
generation with selective hydration, while Svelte offers a lighter
runtime for interactive components. This rebuild modernizes the codebase
and improves both developer experience and end-user performance.

README.md, after:

# Astro Starter Kit: Minimal

```sh
bun create astro@latest -- --template minimal
```

> 🧑‍🚀 **Seasoned astronaut?** Delete this file. Have fun!

## 🚀 Project Structure

Inside of your Astro project, you'll see the following folders and files:

```text
/
├── public/
├── src/
│   └── pages/
│       └── index.astro
└── package.json
```

Astro looks for `.astro` or `.md` files in the `src/pages/` directory. Each page is exposed as a route based on its file name.

There's nothing special about `src/components/`, but that's where we like to put any Astro/React/Vue/Svelte/Preact components.

Any static assets, like images, can be placed in the `public/` directory.

## 🧞 Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                   | Action                                           |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `bun install`             | Installs dependencies                            |
| `bun dev`                 | Starts local dev server at `localhost:4321`      |
| `bun build`               | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `bun preview`             | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |
| `bun astro ...`           | Run CLI commands like `astro add`, `astro check` |
| `bun astro -- --help`     | Get help using the Astro CLI                     |

## 👀 Want to learn more?

Feel free to check [our documentation](https://docs.astro.build) or jump into our [Discord server](https://astro.build/chat).
